Young Master and Young Grandma, you are back
Is supper ready?
Ready. Mmm.
Ginseng soup from ancient times is also hot on the pot
I get motion sickness. Let's get up for dinner. Okay.
Thank you bastard
It's so hot that the doctor gets you through
Hey young lady
Let's have soup after dinner
What do you know as a servant?
Soup is to be drunk before meals
To fulfill its nutritional value
Why do you suddenly care about me?
I'm not being cautious
Did you move your birthmark today?
Update you to show humanity
After all, he is a cautious child.
I'm not lucky to be cared for by you
You eat less or not, that's right
Say less and eat well
Hey young lady
I forgot to add sugar to this soup
What to put in the raw soup?
Wang, what's wrong with you today?
Why are you all looking at me?
This soup
I don't drink that bowl, pour it slowly
My mom worked hard to make soup all afternoon
As you say
He doesn't drink me